# Report2AnyOfInner

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**LogoUrl** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**IncludeAppendix** | Pointer to **bool** |  | [optional] 
**AsknewsWatermark** | Pointer to **bool** | Append &#39;Generated by AskNews AI&#39; watermark | [optional] [default to true]
**Identifier** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] [default to "deepnews"]
**Model** | Pointer to **string** | The model to use for the report. Defaults to claude-sonnet-4-6. | [optional] [default to "claude-sonnet-4-6"]
**Params** | Pointer to [**DeepNewsReportParams**](DeepNewsReportParams.md) |  | [optional] 
**Prompt** | **string** | The prompt to use for report generation instructions. This is similar to the alert query but can contain additional instructions on how to format the report. | 

## Methods

### NewReport2AnyOfInner

`func NewReport2AnyOfInner(prompt string, ) *Report2AnyOfInner`

NewReport2AnyOfInner instantiates a new Report2AnyOfInner object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewReport2AnyOfInnerWithDefaults

`func NewReport2AnyOfInnerWithDefaults() *Report2AnyOfInner`

NewReport2AnyOfInnerWithDefaults instantiates a new Report2AnyOfInner object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetLogoUrl

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetLogoUrl() string`

GetLogoUrl returns the LogoUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogoUrlOk

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetLogoUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogoUrlOk returns a tuple with the LogoUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogoUrl

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) SetLogoUrl(v string)`

SetLogoUrl sets LogoUrl field to given value.

### HasLogoUrl

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) HasLogoUrl() bool`

HasLogoUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIncludeAppendix

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetIncludeAppendix() bool`

GetIncludeAppendix returns the IncludeAppendix field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeAppendixOk

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetIncludeAppendixOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeAppendixOk returns a tuple with the IncludeAppendix field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeAppendix

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) SetIncludeAppendix(v bool)`

SetIncludeAppendix sets IncludeAppendix field to given value.

### HasIncludeAppendix

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) HasIncludeAppendix() bool`

HasIncludeAppendix returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAsknewsWatermark

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetAsknewsWatermark() bool`

GetAsknewsWatermark returns the AsknewsWatermark field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAsknewsWatermarkOk

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetAsknewsWatermarkOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAsknewsWatermarkOk returns a tuple with the AsknewsWatermark field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAsknewsWatermark

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) SetAsknewsWatermark(v bool)`

SetAsknewsWatermark sets AsknewsWatermark field to given value.

### HasAsknewsWatermark

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) HasAsknewsWatermark() bool`

HasAsknewsWatermark returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdentifier

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetIdentifier() string`

GetIdentifier returns the Identifier field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdentifierOk

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetIdentifierOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdentifierOk returns a tuple with the Identifier field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdentifier

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) SetIdentifier(v string)`

SetIdentifier sets Identifier field to given value.

### HasIdentifier

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) HasIdentifier() bool`

HasIdentifier returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetModel

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetModel() string`

GetModel returns the Model field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModelOk

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetModelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetModelOk returns a tuple with the Model field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModel

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) SetModel(v string)`

SetModel sets Model field to given value.

### HasModel

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) HasModel() bool`

HasModel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetParams

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetParams() DeepNewsReportParams`

GetParams returns the Params field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParamsOk

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetParamsOk() (*DeepNewsReportParams, bool)`

GetParamsOk returns a tuple with the Params field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParams

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) SetParams(v DeepNewsReportParams)`

SetParams sets Params field to given value.

### HasParams

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) HasParams() bool`

HasParams returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPrompt

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetPrompt() string`

GetPrompt returns the Prompt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPromptOk

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) GetPromptOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPromptOk returns a tuple with the Prompt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrompt

`func (o *Report2AnyOfInner) SetPrompt(v string)`

SetPrompt sets Prompt field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


