# ReportRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Prompt** | Pointer to **[][]string** |  | [optional] 
**Model** | Pointer to **string** | The model to use for the report. Defaults to claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929. If you have DeepNews as a source, the DeepNews model will be used for the report. | [optional] [default to "claude-sonnet-4-5-20250929"]
**LogoUrl** | Pointer to **NullableString** |  | [optional] 
**IncludeAppendix** | Pointer to **NullableBool** |  | [optional] 
**AsknewsWatermark** | Pointer to **bool** | Append &#39;Generated by AskNews AI&#39; watermark | [optional] [default to true]

## Methods

### NewReportRequest

`func NewReportRequest() *ReportRequest`

NewReportRequest instantiates a new ReportRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewReportRequestWithDefaults

`func NewReportRequestWithDefaults() *ReportRequest`

NewReportRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new ReportRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetPrompt

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetPrompt() [][]string`

GetPrompt returns the Prompt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPromptOk

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetPromptOk() (*[][]string, bool)`

GetPromptOk returns a tuple with the Prompt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrompt

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetPrompt(v [][]string)`

SetPrompt sets Prompt field to given value.

### HasPrompt

`func (o *ReportRequest) HasPrompt() bool`

HasPrompt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPromptNil

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetPromptNil(b bool)`

 SetPromptNil sets the value for Prompt to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPrompt
`func (o *ReportRequest) UnsetPrompt()`

UnsetPrompt ensures that no value is present for Prompt, not even an explicit nil
### GetModel

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetModel() string`

GetModel returns the Model field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModelOk

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetModelOk() (*string, bool)`

GetModelOk returns a tuple with the Model field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModel

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetModel(v string)`

SetModel sets Model field to given value.

### HasModel

`func (o *ReportRequest) HasModel() bool`

HasModel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetLogoUrl

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetLogoUrl() string`

GetLogoUrl returns the LogoUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLogoUrlOk

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetLogoUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetLogoUrlOk returns a tuple with the LogoUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLogoUrl

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetLogoUrl(v string)`

SetLogoUrl sets LogoUrl field to given value.

### HasLogoUrl

`func (o *ReportRequest) HasLogoUrl() bool`

HasLogoUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetLogoUrlNil

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetLogoUrlNil(b bool)`

 SetLogoUrlNil sets the value for LogoUrl to be an explicit nil

### UnsetLogoUrl
`func (o *ReportRequest) UnsetLogoUrl()`

UnsetLogoUrl ensures that no value is present for LogoUrl, not even an explicit nil
### GetIncludeAppendix

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetIncludeAppendix() bool`

GetIncludeAppendix returns the IncludeAppendix field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeAppendixOk

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetIncludeAppendixOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeAppendixOk returns a tuple with the IncludeAppendix field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeAppendix

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetIncludeAppendix(v bool)`

SetIncludeAppendix sets IncludeAppendix field to given value.

### HasIncludeAppendix

`func (o *ReportRequest) HasIncludeAppendix() bool`

HasIncludeAppendix returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIncludeAppendixNil

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetIncludeAppendixNil(b bool)`

 SetIncludeAppendixNil sets the value for IncludeAppendix to be an explicit nil

### UnsetIncludeAppendix
`func (o *ReportRequest) UnsetIncludeAppendix()`

UnsetIncludeAppendix ensures that no value is present for IncludeAppendix, not even an explicit nil
### GetAsknewsWatermark

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetAsknewsWatermark() bool`

GetAsknewsWatermark returns the AsknewsWatermark field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAsknewsWatermarkOk

`func (o *ReportRequest) GetAsknewsWatermarkOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetAsknewsWatermarkOk returns a tuple with the AsknewsWatermark field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAsknewsWatermark

`func (o *ReportRequest) SetAsknewsWatermark(v bool)`

SetAsknewsWatermark sets AsknewsWatermark field to given value.

### HasAsknewsWatermark

`func (o *ReportRequest) HasAsknewsWatermark() bool`

HasAsknewsWatermark returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


